README.md, before:

# Custom Name Tag Maker

This project is a drag-and-drop studio for crafting polished name tag labels. Type in your details, tweak each layer’s color, font size, and position, and watch the tag update instantly in the live preview.

https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/placeholder

## Features

- Dedicated fields for greeting, name, pronouns, role, and tagline.
- Drag any field inside the preview; arrow keys nudge selections for pixel-level placement.
- Customize visibility, font size, color, background theme, and text alignment for every block.
- Accent color palette plus custom picker to match event branding.

## Getting Started

```bash
npm install
npm run dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to start designing.

### Linting

```bash
npm run lint
```

## Tech Stack

- [Next.js App Router](https://nextjs.org/docs/app)
- [React 19](https://react.dev/)
- [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/)
- [`react-draggable`](https://github.com/react-grid-layout/react-draggable)

## License

MIT

Commit message:

feat: add Firebase design saves

README.md, after:

# Custom Name Tag Maker

This project is a drag-and-drop studio for crafting polished name tag labels. Type in your details, tweak each layer’s color, font size, and position, and watch the tag update instantly in the live preview.

https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/placeholder

## Features

- Dedicated fields for greeting, name, pronouns, role, and tagline.
- Drag any field inside the preview; arrow keys nudge selections for pixel-level placement.
- Customize visibility, font size, color, background theme, and text alignment for every block.
- Accent color palette plus custom picker to match event branding.

## Getting Started

```bash
npm install
npm run dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to start designing.

### Environment variables

Create a `.env.local` file with your Firebase web app config:

```
NEXT_PUBLIC_FIREBASE_API_KEY=your-api-key
NEXT_PUBLIC_FIREBASE_AUTH_DOMAIN=your-project.firebaseapp.com
NEXT_PUBLIC_FIREBASE_PROJECT_ID=your-project-id
NEXT_PUBLIC_FIREBASE_APP_ID=your-app-id
NEXT_PUBLIC_FIREBASE_STORAGE_BUCKET=your-project.appspot.com
NEXT_PUBLIC_FIREBASE_MESSAGING_SENDER_ID=your-sender-id
```

You can copy these values from the Firebase console under **Project Settings → General → Your apps**. Enable Google as a provider inside **Build → Authentication → Sign-in method** so the web app can offer “Sign in with Google”.

### Linting

```bash
npm run lint
```

## Tech Stack

- [Next.js App Router](https://nextjs.org/docs/app)
- [React 19](https://react.dev/)
- [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/)
- [`react-draggable`](https://github.com/react-grid-layout/react-draggable)

## License

MIT
